








    A summary of the 
     Venilian Faith










The Gods
The Venilian faith is polytheistic, acknowledging a pantheon of six deities. These gods are:
- Dux: The Leader, the head of the pantheon
- Plasmator: The Maker
- Dubitor: The Doubter
- Cultor: The Believer
- Philosophus: The Thinker
- Oratrix: The Speaker
These six gods are eternal, and together they created the world we now inhabit.

The Story
Before the world, there was only the Realm of the Gods, where the six deities coexisted and conversed. For eons, they spoke and argued and bickered, until one day Dux tired of their constant chatter and created the World, in the hopes that it would teach them to cooperate.

Dux banished the other Gods from the Realm, stranding them as mortals on the world we call mc.finlaysmith.uk. At first, they continued their arguments, blaming each other for their punishment, and went their separate ways, doing their best to survive independently.

Oratrix, needing to be heard, sought out Dubitor to discuss their situation. They talked for many days and nights, devising a solution. Eventually, they summoned the other Gods to the desert, and declared that they would build a senate on that very sport, where they could discuss and debate peacefully, without argument, for the benefit of everyone.

Dux, impressed by their cooperation, descended from the heavens to join this senate, and they coexisted in peace for many years, meeting regularly to discuss issues and devise solutions. Eventually, they returned to their rightful place in the heavens, but they refused to leave the world they'd spent so much time in empty, so they left their own children.

Oratrix's daughter, St Cecilia, established the Venilian Church, to ensure the Gods would never be forgotten and their worship would continue forever. Although not a strict dynasty, any new Pope or Popess required the approval of Oratrix, and she seldom chooses someone not of her lineage.

Over the generations, knowledge of this sacred practice was lost, until Oratrix called her descendant, The Lady of the Ryukyus, to rediscover the ancient texts and reestablish the Church. The Lady, now Popess Cecilia IX, named after the first Popess, St Cecilia, answered this divine calling.

The Popess
The Popess is the head of the church, and bears many titles in that role. Her full title is:
Sua Sanctitas Sanctissima Domina Caecilia Nona, Episcopa Sesokoensis, Vicaria Ducis, Succestrix Principissae Apostolorum, Summa Pontifex Ecclesiae Universalis, Primatus Ryukyuum, Archiepiscopa Metropolitana Provinciae Iaponiae, Superana Sui Iuris Civitatis Veniliae, Serva Servorum Deium

Her Holiness The Most Holy Lady Cecilia IX, Bishop of Sesoko, Vicar of Dux, Successor of the Princess of the Apostles, Supreme Pontiff of the Universal Church, Primate of the Ryukyus, Metropolitan Archbishop of the Japanese Province, Sovereign of the Venillian City State, Servant of the Servants of the Gods

Or simply, Sua Sanctitas Papissa Caecilia IX / Her Holiness Popess Cecilia IX.

It should be noted that "sovereign", in the context of the Venilian City State, should not be construed as equal to or greater in authority than King, as the Venilian City State is a territory of the realm ruled over by His Majesty King Osama Fin Laden.

You
Every person in this realm is descended from one of the Gods, and the faithful are expected to worship their proavus (ancestor) and Dux. Prayers may be said to them at any church, but especially at the Basilica. Additionally, any person may pray to any of the Gods, if a God other than their proavus or Dux would be best suited to their request.

If you wish to learn of your ancestor, visit the Basilica and ask the Popess, or write to the Popess at PONMAX (Pontifex Maxima) and she will send a summary to you via the mail.
