







  The Apostolic Herald
       19/5/2025











A NEW-SPAPER
For weeks now, the only newspaper on the server has been The Weekly Bugle. Now, while our illustrious competitor may be incredibly informative and well-written, we believe that the people should have alternative perspectives to consider. So, we're establishing this new newspaper, the Apostolic Herald, which will be issued approximately weekly by the Venelian Church's Dicastery of Communications. We'll aim to provide a more fair and balanced view, and to correct anything we disagree with that's published in the Weekly Bugle.

WELCOME DOME
After a week of construction, St Cecilia's Basilica has been completed. The megastructure is 23 chunks long and 12 wide at its widest point, making it the largest structure constructed so far. The huge domes make a beautiful addition to the skyline, with the best views being from Japan, Okinawa, and the Department of Transport. The building holds the Holy See, the seat of the head of the Venilian Church, the re-establishment of which coincided with the completion of the structure.

HABEMUS PAPISSAM
It was announced from the newly constructed St Cecilia's Basilica that the Venilian Church has been restored after a several generation-long absence, and the Goddess Oratrix called to her service The Right Honourable Lady of the Ryukyus to serve as Her Holiness Popess Cecilia IX. We pray that Her Holiness's ministry will be peaceful and prosperous.

ONE IS THE LONELIEST NUMBER
Earlier today, the server's first multi-carriage train entered service. The Papostar (pay-poe star) is a two-carriage express service from Spawn Station to Venilian City. It can make the almost 3000 block journey to St Cecilia's Square in just under three minutes, and the journey back in just over four. The front carriage is an enclosed carriage for the conductor, and the rear carriage is a glass passenger cabin, providing 360-degree views the whole way. We hope to see more trains of this size and nature in the coming weeks.

STEAMY BUT OVER TOO FAST
Once again, the steam engine powering the display board at Spawn Station has stopped functioning. Fortunately, the Popess noticed and performed a manual restart, but this is a recurring problem, happening now almost daily. When will the Lord of Hellas Basin, who is responsible for the extremely informative and helpful display board, fix these recurring issues, so that people can use the board properly.

ARE YOU ON THE REGISTRY?
A number of complaints were submitted to the Department of Transport over the weekend in response to the Department's notice of the commencement of the Warp Magic Act. In particular, the Department's request that all privately crafted sharestones be registered. Critics argue that the Department has no authority to make the request, as the Warp Magic Act contains no such provision, but the Consul disagrees, stating "Not my problem". The Consul further stated last night that he hadn't received the complaints due to a chunkloading error with the departmental postbox. Was this really an error, or is the Consul hiding from criticism? Whatever the reason, this surely won't ease the tensions between the Department and the populous.

OTHER STORIES
Do you have a story? Send it in! You can mail any story of importance to PONMAX (Pontifex Maxima) or tell them personally to the Popess or any other member of the Dicastery of Communications, and it may just be included in the next issue. As the Apostolic Herald is a religious organisation, unfortunately we will not provide payment in exchange for these stories.
