







  The Apostolic Herald
       24/5/2025











ACTS OF THE APOSTOLIC SEE
A groundbreaking event for the Church occurred this week, with the first publication of the Acta Apostolicae Sedis being published. This edition contained the first formal acts of Her Holiness, including the appointment of two archbishops, the granting of papal styles, a papal knighthood, and a chivalric order. The document, which is written primarily in Latin with a provided English translation, marks the first in what will undoubtedly be a long chain of the Popess's divine guidance for the people of the church. May Her Holiness, and the Archbishops His Excellency and His Eminence, enjoy the blessings of the Gods in their faithful endeavours.

A WHITE DUXMAS
The Order of Snow, of which His Excellency Sir Ellis, Archbishop of Hellas Basin is a knight, also contains a small community of brothers and one sister. The three villagers, formerly resident in the village just north of the Ryukyus, have taken up permanent residence in St Cecilia's Basilica, choosing to live a simple life as the Gods did, when Dux first exiled them to our world. Visitors are asked to be kind to Brothers Magnus and Smith and Sister Lauren. They are also open to trade, just as our ancestors the Gods traded with each other to meet their needs.

THE YONGLE DYNASTY
The first business transaction in YGL took place this week, with the Popess commissioning the official papal vestements from His Eminence the Archbishop of Auredea's shop Veni Vidi Vesti. The three-piece outfit consisting of a red leather tunic, iron leggings, and iron boots will be worn by Her Holiness at all official events of the Church. The 3 YGL purchase sets the first precedent for the value of the Yongle and is an incredible moment in the server's history.

LET HE WHO IS WITHOUT SIN
On the topic of firsts, the server saw its first confirmed crime this Friday. Following a notice on Thursday, the Department of Transport performed an inspection of Hellas Basin train station and discovered an illegal waystone was present. The waystone was promptly seized, with Sir Ellis claiming he had burned all the other waystones, but had forgotten about the one at his station. Our source in the Department of Transport reports they have decided not to pursue criminal charges, but a formal warning has been recorded. This may be a small infraction, but contributes an ∞% jump in crime from the previous week. Is this just the teething pains of the newly in-force law, or the beginning of a dangerous trend?

AND DAM IT AGAIN
As noted in our illustrious competitor's issue this week, HM Government has constructed a dam to generate power for spawn, replacinng the previous steam engines which were created on a per-project basis by private individuals. The Weekly Bugle questioned the power of these generators, to which His Eminence - who is in charge of the dam project - responded "Huh?". His Excellency Sir Ellis, Archbishop of Hellas Basin and chief editor of the Weekly Bugle questioned whether 50,000 SU would be sufficient for all of Spawn, but His Eminence assured our editors that if further power is needed, additional means of power generation will be employed to provide it.

CONSUL VOS SPECIT
A number of posters appeared around various sites this week, including the Post Office, Spawn Station lift shafts, and on the headquarters of the Department of Transport, reading "Consul vos specit", a Latin phrase meaning "The Consul is watching you", or depicting the eye of Sauron atop the Department of Transport tower. An anonymous source tells us that the posters were made in protest of the sharestone registration controversy mentioned in the previous issue, though with the issue now resolved, it remains to be seen if tensions will decrease.

BUT THE MOUTH OF THE WICKED GUSHES EVIL
The Dicastery of Communications launched the first public beta of Twitter this week, including complementary pocket computers for all citizens to allow them to tweet at any time from anywhere. The platform saw immediate widespread adoption, both for personal humour and official government purposes, including an announcement from the Department of Transport clarifying the previous registration controversy. It remains to be seen if the platform will be beneficial to the people, allowing the Word of the Gods to spread further than ever before, or a wretched hive of sin like similar apps.

BOARD OUT OF MY MIND
Yet again, the display board at Spawn Station malfunctioned several times since our last issue. His Excellency may be a fantastic writer, a reverend archbishop, an honourable lord, and a noble Knight of the Snow, but he is - apparently - not a good infrastructure manager. Fortunately, with the new dam system, the display board should now be free from steam engine-related errors.
Another display board was also put into action recently, with Venilian City Station getting its very own, just to the left of the station built into the walls of the city. So far, this board has worked just fine.

NIHON E YOKOSO
And that display board is very useful, because there's now a second passenger train running to Venilian City. The Nikyo Express service, combining the Japanese words 日本 (nihon, Japan) and 教会 (kyoukai, church), runs between Japan Southbound and Venilian City constantly, with a wait time of less than 2 minutes, traffic permitting. The Dicastery of Transport expects little use of the route, hence the small one-passenger capacity, but visiting wishing to visit 7/11 or see the beautiful nature of the Ryukyus can now head south after a contemplative prayer.
